here on Sean's unit a man I understand
that this channel has had its flaws it's
had its good times its had as bad times
this channel a lot of time in the past
you know it was it was marred in
controversy there was some antics there
was things that you didn't like there
was some things I said there was just a
lot of things that that didn't add up
and you know I've been reflecting I've
been thinking I've been debating hell
I've even been doubting now I'm not
leaving YouTube I'm not quitting YouTube
but I am thinking about restarting I am
thinking about deleting the channel and
rebuilding and restarting from scratch
begin our new leaf a new Sean's view
entertainment and you say well show and
that would be dumb that would be stupid
you have sixty six thousand subscribers
why would you want to take all that hard
work and just throw it away just flush
it down the toilet because it's about
restarting it's about rejuvenating it's
about going in another direction because
once again this channel has got a bad
reputation now you can learn from the
bad you can see the error in your ways
you know you can improvise uh you know
there's a lot of different things you
can do to make yourself look good but at
the end of the day there's always going
to be a bleep on the radar and do I have
to accept the fact that you know all
these people are going to be come on
here and cut in rants and shoots and
promos and burials and exposing me and
try to make me look bad trying to throw
my name under the bus this Sean's view
and name and what's connected to it has
a lot of good a lot of bad a lot of ups
a lot of downs and for the most part I
want this to be looked at as a positive
I want this to be looked at as something
that everyone can appreciate and instead
of seeing all these things said about me
and the thing is a lot of people don't
get their facts straight not all of it
is true let me tell you something I'm
not the bad guy for every single thing
that has happened in this community some
of the I've
cause myself some of the trouble some of
the antics some of the things I have
done I have no one else to blame but
myself but the mere fact that I've been
able to sit back over the last couple of
weeks because it's been very slow as
concerns news rumors and headlines and
I'm thinking well I'm not going to leave
YouTube I'm not going to quit because
this is my job this is what I'm
passionate about this is what i love
this is what i want to continue to do
but do I want to continue a channel
under these circumstances do I want to
continue a channel knowing once again
that there's always going to be the
bleep on that radar can I accept it can
I live with that while here on Sean's
vue entertainment I'm not perfect I've
done my wrongdoings I've done things I
shouldn't have done I'm trying to UM
show you the real me I'm trying to be up
front but I've come to a crossroads I've
come to a point my life a stage quite
frankly where I ask myself is it truly
worth it to start over is it worth
throwing away all the hard work all the
sleepless nights all the stressful days
all my time in my effort my commitment
my overall passion in my dedication to
just throw it all away throw it out like
it was yesterday's newspaper or can I
continue past all the crap all the drama
all the BS all the crap that I've had to
deal with once again most of it was on
my end so you know I was the one that
did that but I fed into it I listened to
it I let it get to me I let it bother me
I let it dictate my momentum let me just
say that I'm a think I'm in a deep
thought mode whether or not once again
I'm not quitting I'm not leaving I'm not
retiring I'm here for my subscribers and
I'm here for my viewers and if it wasn't
about the viewers if it wasn't about the
subscribers do you really think that I
would come back do you really think that
I would just stop restart a new youtube
if I didn't care about the subscribers
if I didn't care about the viewers I
would just say all right I'm closing
my channel and I'll never return ever
again but I want to return I want to
make it better I want to make it bigger
I ma I want to make it grander I don't
want this channel to be looked at in a
bad way so that's why I'm thinking about
restarting because when you come on here
you and you and you search up the name
Sean's view end you want to know why I
don't get any interviews you want to
know why I don't go out and you know get
rate radio interviews because I I have a
lot of bad publicity I have a lot of bad
publicity and that's why I can't get
wrestlers on the show that's why I can't
interview different personalities that's
why I can't get on my favorite TV show
that's why I can't venture out although
then again you know everybody makes
mistakes maybe some people could see
past that and see the adjustments and
the improvements that I have made and
then maybe I don't have to restart maybe
I don't have to make a new new YouTube
channel maybe all of this we can just
blow up to be smoked and we don't have
to start over and we can keep going so
that's what's at stake right now
sixty-six thousand subscribers way over
way over a million views way over a
million views okay exactly what I'm
talking about that you know it means a
lot to everything you throw at me every
time you view me every time you comment
me every time that you messaged me to
have over 30 million views on this
channel really speaks volumes about how
everyone well not everyone but a
majority of you care about me you
respect me and you can see past all the
garbage you can see past my mistakes you
can see that I am just a human being
that let everything get to me and I let
it destroy me but once again it's about
reputation it's about credibility it's
about reliability should i restart my
channel should I start over it's a
question it's something I've been
thinking about I find a lot of time to
think about have a lot of time to
reflect about it it's in the back of my
mind it's in the back of my head I'm
still going to do news rumors and
headlines I'm still going to give my
previews and predictions I'm still going
to do reviews of paper views but will it
be on a different Channel this is where
I'm interactive I want you the
subscribers I want you the viewers to
vote
the poll below you are going to be the
ones that decide the fate you are going
to decide the future I am going to put
the the brand i am going to put Sean's
view it in the hands of you vote in the
poll below should i start a new channel
should i keep this channel should i go
in another direction you the subscribers
get to choose you get to choose my fate
vote below and whether I'm right or
wrong mistakes whether you can look past
it whether we can move forward whether
we can move on whether you can forget
about the past or should we start brand
new in a new slate a new day as they say
for sean's vue entertainment your
comments your opinions voice off below
what do you want what should i do i'm
gonna make you let that decision happen
vote below subscribe